Add 'How to improve the accessibility of your existing Ember app' post (#1119)
simplabs/simplabs.github.io: _posts/2020-05-29-how-to-improve-the-accessibility-of-your-app.md

---

> title: 'How to improve the accessibility of your legacy Ember app'

Reviewer: After reading the article, I think you mean a pre-existing app where accessibility was not considered from the beginning? I'd not say _"legacy"_ in that case since I think that makes it sound unnecessarily negative and might be mis-leading even as many/most people will think of a legacy app to be one that's on Ember < 3.0 or so.

> title: 'How to improve the accessibility of your legacy Ember app'

Author: Yes, that's a good point, I'll replace legacy by existing.

> title: 'How to improve the accessibility of your legacy Ember app'

Author: Done.

author: 'Samanta de Barros'
github: sdebarros
twitter: sami_dbc
topic: ember
bio: 'Senior Frontend Engineer'
description: ''
og:
  image:
---

Making sure your web app is accessible can be an effort similar to making sure
your app is well tested, or that it's responsive and works well accross devices:
it's great when you've thought of it from the start, but it can be daunting and
seem like an unclimbable hill when you want to introduce it into a legacy app.
Knowing where to start can be tough, as well as taking those first steps.

<!--break-->

For some time now, there's been an ongoing effort in the Ember community to make
accessibility an important consideration of the framework and to help developers
have an easier time building accessible apps. From talks, to tools. One
interesting tool, is
[ember-a11y-testing](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-testing), which
can help you detect accessibility violations both during testing and
development.

> While working on a client project, we decided to make an effort to improve the

Author: Trainline, although the example tests errors are from the Qonto log in page. I wanted a simple example and it was easier to add it to Qonto than clean up the Trainline one.

> While working on a client project, we decided to make an effort to improve the

Reviewer: ok, was thinking we could link to the case study or so but I guess we shouldn't do that anyway maybe.

    // so does your test
    assert.ok(true, 'no a11y errors found!');
  });
});
```

You can also add these validations to integration tests. When creating your
component and adding the integration tests, it would be a good idea to add a
test for accessibility checks. If you have well tested components, it could be
interesting to adopt the accessibility checks as part of the development process
of said components, making sure that both new components or changes to existing
component don't introduce any violations of accessibility rules.

```js
import { render } from '@ember/test-helpers';
import { setupRenderingTest } from 'ember-qunit';
import hbs from 'htmlbars-inline-precompile';
import { module, test } from 'qunit';

import a11yAudit from 'ember-a11y-testing/test-support/audit';

module('Component | login-form', function (hooks) {
  setupRenderingTest(hooks);

  test('login form has no accessibility issues', async function (assert) {
    await render(hbs`<LoginForm/>`);

    await a11yAudit();
    assert.ok(true, 'no a11y errors found!');
  });
});
```

The `a11yAudit` helper will inspect the rendered page or component and it will

> raise an error if it finds any accessibility violations. The great think about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
raise an error if it finds any accessibility violations. The great thing about
```

> it, is that it will list all violations with it's severity and will even include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this is that it will list all violations with the respective severities and will even include
```

a link to documentation for that rule, which includes an explanation of why the
rule exists and how to fix it. For instance,
[here's the information](https://dequeuniversity.com/rules/axe/3.5/autocomplete-valid?application=axeAPI)
for one of the validation errors we're getting.

![example of errors thrown by a11y in an acceptance test](/assets/images/posts/2020-05-29-how-to-improve-the-accessibility-of-your-app/acceptance-test-error.png)

One issue we ran into, was that these tests brought up a lot of accessibility
violations, some of which we couldn't just fix on our own. For instance, several
of the errors where due to color contrast issues, in a lot of cases, deciding on
(and changing) color schemes may not be entirely in your power, and it can
involve discussions with designers, product owners, and may even be influenced
by branding, but you can and should use this information to spark those
discussions and promote change.

If you're in the same situation, and fixing those errors is not something that
can be done all at once, you can opt for muting validations and taking an
incremental approach to making this improvements (similar to the upgrade path in

> Ember were you can mute deprecations and work on them step by step).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ember where you can mute deprecations and work on them step by step).
```

```js
test('sign in page has no accessibility issues', async function (assert) {
  let axeOptions = {
    rules: {
      'autocomplete-valid': {
        enabled: false,
      },
      'duplicate-id': {
        enabled: false,
      },
      label: {
        enabled: false,
      },
      'link-name': {
        enabled: false,
      },
    },
  };
  await visit('/signin');

  await a11yAudit(axeOptions);
  assert.ok(true, 'no a11y errors found!');
});
```

If you happen to have a very long list of rules to mutate, you may want to do
something like:

```js
function axeOptions(disabledRules) {
  let rules = {};

  disabledRules.forEach((r) => {
    rules[r] = { enabled: false };
  });

  return { rules };
}

test('sign in page has no accessibility issues', async function (assert) {
  await visit('/signin');

  await a11yAudit(
    axeOptions(['autocomplete-valid', 'duplicate-id', 'label', 'link-name']),
  );
  assert.ok(true, 'no a11y errors found!');
});
```

> You can then remove the rules one by one as you fix the violations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then re-enable the rules one by one as you fix the violations.
```

The [ember-a11y-testing](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-testing)
add-on provides other helpers and options, and can even be used in developmen to
detect these issues visually while you work,
[so don't forget to read the docs!](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-testing)

## A few considerations when implementing forms

> Back to our legacy app case, we realized that using the test information and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Back to our legacy app case, we realized that using the dedicated assessibility acceptance tests and
```

> fixing these issues as an effort in itself (independent from feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fixing identified issues as an effort in itself (independent from feature
```

development) would take a lot of time and was going to be a tough sell. So we
decided to start acting on these improvements gradually, and taking a more

> mindfull approach when developing, trying no to introduce new issues and make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mindfull approach when developing, trying not to introduce new issues and make
```

improvements where possible. One of these opportunities came when making
improvements to a relatively simple page with a form.

Here are some of the things we had to improve, and why you should keep them in
mind.

### Labels, labels, labels

This may seem obvious, but your inputs should have labels that indicate what
information is required. The maybe not so obvious part is that labels should be
linked to those inputs. As an example, the failing test above: the labels exist

> and are visually on top of the inputs, but in the HTML is not clear the label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and are visually on top of the inputs, but in the HTML it is not clear the label
```

### Labels and placeholders that make sense

Missing labels are one of the possible violations that
[ember-a11y-testing](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-testing) will
detect for you, but having labels that make sense, alone and in the context of
the form and page, is something that only you can do, no automatic tools will do
it for you (as far as I know). To understand why and also to have a better idea
of how accessible your app is, I highly suggest using a screen reader to
navigate your page and try to perform the action you want your users to perform
(in this case, filling out a form and submitting it). I can assure you if you've
never done it before, it will be mind opening.

Now, I know using a screen reader is not something everyone is acquainted with
(I wasn't), you can find resources on how to start
([like this one](http://uncaughtreferenceerror.com/a-crash-course-to-screenreaders-for-sighted-developers/))
and if you use a Mac for development, you can use Voice Over which already comes
installed. Just think of it as another tool that should be part of your
development process.

### Groups of fields

> Another interesting case we came across was group of inputs we had for entering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another interesting case we came across was grouped inputs we used for entering
```

Author: 🤔 I think I'm missing an `a`. Does `Another interesting case we came across was a group of inputs we had for entering` sound ok? The problem was that they weren't really grouped (using a `fieldset`), so I think saying `grouped inputs` would be incorrect.

Reviewer: Ah, I see 👍 Yes, I think this works as well:

> Another interesting case we came across was a group of inputs we had for entering.

you will move through the form as you would expect, in the order the elements
are shown in the screen.

This is not always possible, and in some cases you will have to resort to
setting `tabindex` to make sure the keyboard navigation is consistent. Always
make sure to test these cases manually, there's nothing more frustrating then
having the inputs being skipped or having a jumping order when using only the
keyboard to fill out forms.

### Visually indicating focus

For those sighted users that rely on keyboard navigation, being able to
determine visually when an input is focused is also important. When using native
inputs with their default styles, the browser will take care of this for you.
But we often rely on custom implementations of inputs to make them more visually
appealing and forget to set specific styles for the focused state. This can
create a scenario where you tab through the fields of your form, and have no
idea where exactly you're focused until you try to enter some content.

One scenario where this might happen, is when the `outline` of elements is set
to none. This is usually to avoid the browser's default outline.

> ![select-with-default-outline](/assets/images/posts/2020-05-29-how-to-improve-the-accessibility-of-your-app/select-with-default-outline.png)

Reviewer: I'm not sure why this is showing a red outline? That makes it seem like this is the error case? Would it be clearer to use a screenshot with a grey outline or so?

Author: The red outline is Chrome's default for a focused input, Firefox shows green and Safari a more pinkish red. Would it be more clear if I mention that this is how it looks on Chrome?

Reviewer: Are you sure red is the default? That seems very surprising to me tbh…

Author: Yep, I tried it with the simplest input and that's the color. I guess it's pretty standard to do `{ outline: none; }` as a default style for inputs, which disables this focused style.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5116277/83249270-a306db00-a1a6-11ea-9405-4e9b09ac8904.png)
Also, is not red red...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5116277/83249481-eeb98480-a1a6-11ea-9cba-1aebbc6ed68f.png)

Reviewer: Ok, cool wouldn't have thought that… It seems you have set your OS to use red as well though instead of the standard blue?

<img width="328" alt="Bildschirmfoto 2020-05-29 um 12 27 57" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1510/83250186-034a4c80-a1a8-11ea-98d6-1768ce12b3b5.png">

Author: I don't remember doing that, but it would explain it 😅 is blue the default one for Mac? I can update the screenshot to avoid confusion.

Reviewer: Yes, blue is the default :) e.g.

<img width="1037" alt="Bildschirmfoto 2020-05-29 um 13 00 40" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1510/83253024-8cfc1900-a1ac-11ea-9c3f-b84bd8be4a67.png">

Author: I've uploaded the image with the blue outline.

> In these scenario, don't forget to set a style for the `:focus` state. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, don't forget to set a style for the `:focus` state. For
```

---
title: 'How to improve the accessibility of your existing Ember app'
author: 'Samanta de Barros'
github: sdebarros
twitter: sami_dbc
topic: ember
bio: 'Senior Frontend Engineer'
description:
  'Samanta de Barros on how to test the accessibility of your Ember app and what
  accessibility considerations you should have when creating forms in Ember.'
og:
  image:
---

Making sure your web app is accessible can be an effort similar to making sure
your app is well tested, or that it's responsive and works well accross devices:
it's great when you've thought of it from the start, but it can be daunting and
seem like an unattainable goal when you want to introduce it into a existing

> app. Knowing where to start can be tough, as well as taking those first steps.

Reviewer 2: Making sure your web app is accessible can be a daunting task. If you start a new project, it's easy to make sure your app is well tested, that it's responsive and works well across all relevant devices. but it can seem like an unclimbable hill when you want to fix it into an existing app. Especially,  knowing where to start can be tough therefore we've outlined the first steps to improve your web apps accessibility.

Author: Did a mix of this and what was already written, let me know what you think.

<!--break-->

For some time now, there's been an ongoing effort in the Ember community to make
accessibility an important consideration of the framework and to help developers
have an easier time building accessible apps – from talks, to tools. One
interesting tool is
[ember-a11y-testing](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-testing), which
can help you detect accessibility violations both during testing and

> development.

Reviewer 2: For some time now, there's been an ongoing effort in the Ember community to make accessibility an integral part of the framework. A handful of talks and tools have been built to give developers an easier time building accessible apps. One interesting tool, in particular, is ember-a11y-testing, which helps detect accessibility violations during both testing and development.

Author: Applied this suggestion but changed `talk` by `resources`, saying talks were built sound a bit weird 😄

> 

Reviewer 2: I suggest adding a heading: How to implement testing in an existing web app?

While working on a client project, we decided to make an effort to improve the
accessibility of that app, and this tool seemed like it would be a good start.

> The first question we came across was, what's the best way to introduce these
> tests when you have an app with an already big testing suite?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The first question we came across was, **what's the best way to introduce these
tests when you have an app with an already big testing suite?**
```

What do you think about emphasising the question?

> tests when you have an app with an already big testing suite?

Reviewer 2: While working on a client project, we decided to improve the accessibility of that app. Implementing the testing tool ember-a11y-testing seemed like a good start. The first question that we came across was: 'What's the best way to introduce accessibility tests when you have an app with an already big testing suite?'.

> At the time, the best answer for us was to do dedicated acceptance tests for

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
At the time, the best answer for us was to create dedicated acceptance tests for
```

accessibility, that would go through a couple of important flows within the app

> rather than add those checks on the already existing tests. The reason for this
> was that we were dealing with a testing suite that wasn't complete, and where
> tests didn't all follow the same patterns, some would test flows, other would

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
rather than add those checks on the already existing tests. The reason for this
was that we were dealing with an incomplete testing suite where
tests didn't all follow the same patterns, some would test flows, other would
```

test just parts of a page, so it was hard to define where to add the

> accessibility checks so they would bring the more value.

Reviewer 2: We chose to write dedicated acceptance tests for accessibility instead of adding them to the existing tests. The tests go through their own flows, so they don't have to deal with the testing suite that wasn't complete and used mixed patterns. For example, some tests flowed through the entire app, while others just test parts of pages. This made it hard to define the best place where to add the accessibility checks that would be both effective and efficient.

> 

Reviewer 2: I suggest adding a header for SEO: Adding ember a11y testing to existing component tests

> To add accessibility checks, simply install the add-on.

Reviewer 2: Making this an ordered list could make it look nice. What do you prefer?

```bash
ember install ember-a11y-testing
```

And add it to your tests, here's an example of an acceptance test:

```js
import { visit } from '@ember/test-helpers';
import { setupApplicationTest } from 'ember-qunit';
import { module, test } from 'qunit';

import a11yAudit from 'ember-a11y-testing/test-support/audit';

module('Acceptance | accessibility check', function (hooks) {
  setupApplicationTest(hooks);

  test('sign in page has no accessibility issues', async function (assert) {
    await visit('/signin');

    await a11yAudit();

    // you need at least one assert, so if all a11y checks pass
    // so does your test
    assert.ok(true, 'no a11y errors found!');
  });
});
```

You can also add these validations to integration tests. When creating your
component and adding the integration tests, it would be a good idea to add a
test for accessibility checks. If you have well tested components, it could be
interesting to adopt the accessibility checks as part of the development process
of said components, making sure that both new components or changes to existing

> component don't introduce any violations of accessibility rules.

Reviewer 2: You can also add these validations to integration tests. While you are creating  integration tests for components, you could easily add a few extra tests that check for accessibility issues. If you already have well-tested components, it could be interesting to adopt the accessibility checks as part of the development process of component testing, either by adding new components or changing existing components to catch violations of accessibility rules.

Author: Did a merge of this and the current text, one of the sentences had a different meaning in the suggestion.

import hbs from 'htmlbars-inline-precompile';
import { module, test } from 'qunit';

import a11yAudit from 'ember-a11y-testing/test-support/audit';

module('Component | login-form', function (hooks) {
  setupRenderingTest(hooks);

  test('login form has no accessibility issues', async function (assert) {
    await render(hbs`<LoginForm/>`);

    await a11yAudit();
    assert.ok(true, 'no a11y errors found!');
  });
});
```

The `a11yAudit` helper will inspect the rendered page or component and it will
raise an error if it finds any accessibility violations. The great think about
it, is that it will list all violations with it's severity and will even include
a link to documentation for that rule, which includes an explanation of why the
rule exists and how to fix it. For instance,
[here's the information](https://dequeuniversity.com/rules/axe/3.5/autocomplete-valid?application=axeAPI)
for one of the validation errors we're getting.

![example of errors thrown by a11y in an acceptance test](/assets/images/posts/2020-05-29-how-to-improve-the-accessibility-of-your-app/acceptance-test-error.png#@1024-2048)

One issue we ran into, was that these tests brought up a lot of accessibility

> violations, some of which we couldn't just fix on our own. For instance, several

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
violations, some of which we couldn't just fix on our own. For example, several
```

> of the errors where due to color contrast issues, in a lot of cases, deciding on

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
of the errors were due to color contrast issues, in a lot of cases, deciding on
```

(and changing) color schemes may not be entirely in your power, and it can
involve discussions with designers, product owners, and may even be influenced
by branding, but you can and should use this information to spark those
discussions and promote change.

If you're in the same situation, and fixing those errors is not something that
can be done all at once, you can opt for muting validations and taking an
incremental approach to making this improvements (similar to the upgrade path in

> Ember were you can mute deprecations and work on them step by step).

Reviewer 2: One issue we ran into, was that these tests brought up a lot of accessibility violations of which some of we will never be able to fix on our own. For instance, several of the errors where due to color contrast issues, in a lot of cases, deciding on (and changing) color schemes may not be entirely in your power, and it can involve discussions with designers, product owners, and may even be influenced by branding, but you can and should use this information to spark those discussions and promote change.
If you're in the same situation, and fixing those errors is not something that can be done all at once, you can opt for muting validations and taking an incremental approach to making this improvements.The implementation is similar step by step approach to upgrading paths in Ember to mute deprecations.

```js
test('sign in page has no accessibility issues', async function (assert) {
  let axeOptions = {
    rules: {
      'autocomplete-valid': {
        enabled: false,
      },
      'duplicate-id': {
        enabled: false,
      },
      label: {
        enabled: false,
      },
      'link-name': {
        enabled: false,
      },
    },
  };
  await visit('/signin');

  await a11yAudit(axeOptions);
  assert.ok(true, 'no a11y errors found!');
});
```

If you happen to have a very long list of rules to mutate, you may want to do
something like:

```js
function axeOptions(disabledRules) {
  let rules = {};

  disabledRules.forEach((r) => {
    rules[r] = { enabled: false };
  });

  return { rules };
}

test('sign in page has no accessibility issues', async function (assert) {
  await visit('/signin');

  await a11yAudit(
    axeOptions(['autocomplete-valid', 'duplicate-id', 'label', 'link-name']),
  );
  assert.ok(true, 'no a11y errors found!');
});
```

You can then remove the rules one by one as you fix the violations.

The [ember-a11y-testing](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-testing)

> add-on provides other helpers and options, and can even be used in developmen to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
add-on provides other helpers and options, and can even be used in development to
```

detect these issues visually while you work,
[so don't forget to read the docs!](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-testing)

> ## A few considerations when implementing forms

Reviewer 2: I would include the word accessibility in the title for SEO purposes

Back to our existing app case, we realized that using the test information and
fixing these issues as an effort in itself (independent from feature
development) would take a lot of time and was going to be a tough sell. So we
decided to start acting on these improvements gradually, and taking a more
mindfull approach when developing, trying not to introduce new issues and make

> improvements where possible. One of these opportunities came when making
> improvements to a relatively simple page with a form.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
improvements where possible. One of these opportunities presented itself when making
improvements to a relatively simple page with a form.
```

linked to those inputs. As an example, the failing test above: the labels exist
and are visually on top of the inputs, but in the HTML it is not clear the label
belongs to that input.

```html
<div id="ember8" class="x-label ember-view">
  <label class="x-label__label">
    Email address
  </label>
</div>
<div id="ember9" class="x-input-beta ember-view">
  <input
    placeholder="Enter your email address"
    autocomplete="off"
    class="x-input-beta__input"
    type="email"
  />
</div>
```

There are different options to fix this: rearrange the HTML and have the label
wrap the input, use the `for` attribute on the label to point to the input's
`id`, using `aria-labeledby` on the input to point to the label's `id`, or if
none of this is an option that works in your case, use `aria-label` on your
input as shown below:

```html
<input
  placeholder="Enter your email address"
  type="email"
  aria-label="Email address"
/>
```

Ideally this should match the visual label, to avoid any possible confusion.

### Labels and placeholders that make sense

Missing labels are one of the possible violations that
[ember-a11y-testing](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-testing) will

> detect for you, but having labels that make sense, alone and in the context of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
detect for you, but having labels that make sense, on their own and in the context of
```

and listen 'DD' as the whole explanation for the field. Even having labels such
as 'Day', 'Month', 'Year' may not be sufficient context. For this case, we found
that using `fieldset` was a good option. When you have a `fieldset` with a
legend, the screen reader will include this information when giving you the
information of an input it contains. See below:

![image of screen reader info for an input in a group with fieldset legend](/assets/images/posts/2020-05-29-how-to-improve-the-accessibility-of-your-app/group-with-fieldset-legend.png#@1024-2048)

_with fielset legend_

![image of screen reader info for an input in a group without a fieldset legend](/assets/images/posts/2020-05-29-how-to-improve-the-accessibility-of-your-app/group-without-fieldset-legend.png#@1024-2048)

_without fielset legend_

Another case where you should consider using a `fielset` is whenever you have
big forms that may have a logical grouping of fields, for instance a group of
inputs relating to an address inside a bigger form.

![address form example](/assets/images/posts/2020-05-29-how-to-improve-the-accessibility-of-your-app/address-form.png#@900-1800)

> In a case like this, is better to opt out for a `fielset` with a `legend` saying
> "Postal address" vs having a heading element and just a `div` groupping these
> fields.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In such cases it is better to use a `fieldset` with a `legend`, `<legend>Postal address</legend>`, instead of a heading element and a `div` grouping the fields.
```

### Tab index

> If you have a well structured page, and you're not rearranging input orders by

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you have a well structured page and you're not rearranging input orders by
```

CSS or JS, your best bet is to just rely on the browser and not set a tab index
value on your inputs. This will ensure that when navigating with the keyboard
you will move through the form as you would expect, in the order the elements

> are shown in the screen.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
are shown on the screen.
```

This is not always possible, and in some cases you will have to resort to
setting `tabindex` to make sure the keyboard navigation is consistent. Always
make sure to test these cases manually, there's nothing more frustrating then
having the inputs being skipped or having a jumping order when using only the
keyboard to fill out forms.

### Visually indicating focus

> For those sighted users that rely on keyboard navigation, being able to

Reviewer 3: I am not sure about the wording in here
```suggestion
For our visually impaired users that rely on keyboard navigation, being able to
```

Author: 🤔 actually, I mean that people that can see the focus but that use the keyboard to navigate the form. `Visually impaired` includes blind people. I guess just saying `For users that rely on keyboard navigation` is enough.

```html
<label for="my-checkbox">
  <input class="custom-checkbox" id="my-checkbox" type="checkbox" />
  <span>Label</span>
</label>
```

```css
input[type='checkbox'].custom-checkbox {
  width: 0;
  height: 0;
  border: none;
  padding: 0;
  margin: 0;
}

input[type='checkbox'].custom-checkbox + span {
  position: relative;
}

input[type='checkbox'].custom-checkbox + *::before {
  content: ' ';
  display: block;
  position: absolute;
  left: 0;
  width: 18px;
  height: 18px;
  border-radius: 3px;
  border: 1px #c0c9cc solid;
  background: #fff;
}

input[type='checkbox'].custom-checkbox:checked + *::before {
  background: #01c3a7 url(images/checkmark_success_white.svg) center no-repeat;
  border-color: #01c3a7;
  background-size: 60%;
}

/* our focus style */
input[type='checkbox'].custom-checkbox:focus + *::before {
  border-color: #01c3a7;
}
```

### Enter should submit your form

> One more thing you should always check, is that you can submit the form just

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Another thing to keep an eye out for, is that you can submit the form just
```

> using your keyboard. Specially when doing an Ember app, you may implement forms

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
using your keyboard. Especially when doing an Ember app, you may implement forms
```

that don't include an actual `form` element. Wether that's the case or not, at
least the submit button should respond to `Enter`, and why not... even the other

> fields.

Reviewer 2: One more thing you should always check: is being able to submit the form just using your keyboard. Specially when doing an Ember app, you may implement forms that don't include an actual form element. Whether that's the case or not, at least the submit button should respond to Enter, and why not... even the other fields.

This is by no means a comprehensive list, there are other accessibility

> considerations to have in mind when working with forms, like making sure errors

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
considerations to have in mind when working with forms, such as making sure errors
```
